C# Console Programming: 

1. Write program to demonstrate the working of C# SDK. 

2. Write program to show the use of various data types available in C#. 

3. Write programs to understand the use of Control statements. 

4. Write programs to understand the use of library functions. 

5. Write a program to demonstrate the use of various arithmetic, unary, logical, bit-wise, assignment and 

conditional operators. 

6. Write a program to store 10 elements in an array and display the array elements in increasing order. 

7. Demonstrate the use of pass by value and pass by reference by writing a program. 

8. Write a program to implement recursion. 

9. Write programs to implement one dimensional and two dimensional arrays. 

10. Write programs to understand the working of predefined string functions like Compare( ), CompareTo( ), 

Concat( ), 

a. Copy( ) and Join(). 

11. Write a program to implement class and its objects. 

12. Write a program to implement constructors. 

13. Create one admission enquiry form. 

14. Create a windows form with registration number, name, age, class and other details. 

15. Implement the concept of file handling to read XML file and display all the values in a read only Form. 

16. Concept of three variables: temp, pressure and water level for a chemical industry boiler from the 

keyboard. Throw an event called alert, if these variables level shoot above a certain level. [Event Handling] 

17. Concept to illustrate overloading an indexer.
18. Implement the concept in C# consisting of a delegate called student that refers to a method called 

student record (), your program should get the details of student record and display. [Delegate] 

19. Develop the Concept to create a class that does metric conversion from meters, centimeter to feet, inches 

respectively. Create a class called meters.txt and read the data from the user by prompting. Convert this 

data into feet and inches and save it in another file called feet.txt. [File Handling] 

20. Prepare a login form, which will accept unique username, password of alphanumeric type, re-type 

password, date of birth, and text to remember password. And put all necessary validation. If user does 

not fill the complete form it should show valid error message. Also if user is new then there should be 

option for creating new Login and a checkbox to remember on computer. [Windows application].
